Hey, you
What are you doing, Mr. Nan?
I find that you are really blind
See the wife and the wind always talk
What are you doing up there?
Be honest
Don't think about flying to the branches and becoming a phoenix every day
The relationship between Madam and Mr. Feng
Can you step in?
He said he was a lady and he was hum
The wind is always clean
Never close to women
How can he approach the terroir if he is not a lady
Brother Tiancheng, did you come to the design museum to see me?
I just signed a contract with Mr. Zhang
It just so happens that Mr. Zhang is interested in the design museum
I'll show him
Mr. Zhang
Brother Yan Chen, I just returned to China.
Shall we have dinner together later?
I have an appointment tonight
Another time.
I've passed
Even if you don't want to reveal your identity in the company
There's no need to take risks like this
I have something else to do
Come next time.
Mr. Chen, let me take you there to have a look.
Madam, why don't you chat with Mr. Feng for a while?
Brother Yan Cheng has work to do
I can't bother you.
I just said that your husband works under Brother Yan Cheng
Met the real lady
What is your husband's position?
My wife, don't flatter Song Nango
He's a bargain
Can you still hold a high position if you marry your husband?
I have seen Mr. Feng from a distance and bragged about it
So thick-skinned
Madam, Brother Song Nan has been questioning your identity
Bad mood
Annoying and disgusting like a fly
Why don't you fire him?